---
title: Who fkcued you most?
author: Harsha Vardhan
date: 2010-10-07T18:55:51+00:00
draft: true
categories:
  - science-technology-social

---
Well guys this is just a small piece of conversation between me an X kind of girl while waiting for our low fair flights fortunately got delayed and it was not winter. Following is X kind  
1. She was beautiful bet me on what had so far.  
2. Smoking hot  
3. Classy dressing style (pardon my knowledge I would have never graduated had knowing the girls dress names would had been a subject in my school). It was trendy and it was just awesome colors were maroon and black and she had presentation skills good enough to make you a window-shopper when you know that&#8217;s just all you can do.  
4. Her English make me realize why I don&#8217;t read famous classics and editorial of famous news papers.

I was is a neighbors envy and your pride kind of situation as I was lucky enough to find myself seated beside her when a gentlemen who was going by not so low rate flight got his departure call. She was not carrying much. No laptop just a smart phone which she checked(obviously this is most common scene coz we guys just send SMSs and girls do favor by reading them, if you are lucky one) as if a gadget more of a responsibility.

I was just reading a novel which I had borrowed from my office colleague. I gave few side stares to get the feel of situation yet reacting as if I am cool(which was impossible even for those who were sitting at distant benches). She put her small satchel(some elegant brand) and asked me &#8220;Excuse me! would you mind keeping an eye on this I shall be back in few minutes&#8221;. I was more than happy to do this job. I used my best communication, interpersonal and other skills and reply &#8220;No problem, cool!&#8221;. She walked to the nearby book store and got 2 magazines(I won&#8217;t mention names) in few minutes as if she knew what to take. One was a A magazine with lost of great picture and topics and another was and famous IT magazine. My common sense told some IT company girl though there were no signs of it unlike me, who was traveling with the bag with my company logo and feeling pride about it.

When she was back, she said thanks to me and I was reacted my earnest cool smile, thinking god! this should impress her please please. Well I absolutely not thinking about the idea of she will talk to me by any chance. Such things never happened with me, my school, coaching, graduation, post graduation, organizations(well they can be excused, as they never had any of the sort which I was beside now). I never imagined my bag be so useful someday. After turning few pages as if she was checking the pictures and headings, she turned to my bag and then to me. So you work for ZZZ? I looked with a pretending surprising yet confident confident look, oh! ya. And I didn&#8217;t miss the chance. Are you also in IT (asking &#8220;Are you working seemed a ancient age outdated and most uncool&#8221; idea to me)? She said oh! ya well! actually I am into IT media and looking into emerging eGoods market with social networking awareness in Asia from YYYY consulting. Mind blowing!!! :-o. I was like oh! quite impressive. She was.. well for me its something I love. So what was your academic major. I am masscom major with MBA in international business from TTTT. I was a wet cat.. I was just an computer science engineer. I think it has become something like having an email ID. Anyways. So we delved into talks and she was pretty smart and I was using my all senses to handle it. Thing about all cool guys and how they used to react. And I got to know she had lots of boyfriend and she was pretty open about discussing relations and open about accepting new upcoming standards and pretty well experienced with the words like, move on, just friends, boy friend but not serious, in relation yet not committed, people had various kind of needs, relations are about making you feel good not an imposed problem, love is something which is supposed to felt like a sophisticated yoga and lot of open ideas involving realizing of love though every body element etc etc. So she had lots of boyfriends while she accepted that only few of them were boyfriends actually. She was pretty cool with using all A-words and I somehow gathered entourage to ask it and prove yes I can talk. I smiled and asked so &#8220;who fkucd you most?&#8221; she said ZOOZLE. I was stunned as it was famous web company with strong reputation and I was wondering what she meant. I said what? I didn&#8217;t get. She said I love ZOOZLE most. I let him fkuc and I fkuc ZOOZLE max number of times a day. I love fkucing with zoozle its awesome and we love each other and its my boyfriend who screwed me most and I never understood when I had fallen love with ZOOZLE, probably when I was teen and back in school. I grew highly dependable on ZOOZLE and now I know nobody ever and would possible can screw me more. I trust ZOOZLE and ZOOZLE knows more than anyone about me. We had a great journey together. I was listening to this and feeling pretty GAY&#8230;. Are you?